Updated Cross-site Scripting with Blind XSS (#746)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/07-Input_Validation_Testing/02-Testing_for_Stored_Cross_Site_Scripting.md

Also consider that Internet Explorer does not handle MIME types in the same way as Mozilla Firefox or other browsers do. For instance, Internet Explorer handles TXT files with HTML content as HTML content. For further information about MIME handling, refer to the whitepapers section at the bottom of this chapter.

### Blind Cross-site Scripting

> Blind Cross-site Scripting is a form of persistent XSS. It generally occurs when the attacker’s payload saved on the server and reflected back to the victim from the backend application. For example in feedback forms, an attacker can submit the malicious payload using the form, and once the backend user/admin of the application will open the attacker’s submitted form via the backend application, the attacker’s payload will get executed. Blind Cross-site Scripting is hard to confirm in the real-world scenario but one of the best tools for this is XSS Hunter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blind Cross-site Scripting is a form of stored XSS. It generally occurs when the attacker’s payload is saved on the server/infrstructure and later reflected back to the victim from the backend application. For example in feedback forms, an attacker can submit the malicious payload using the form, and once the backend user/admin of the application views the attacker’s submission via the backend application, the attacker’s payload will get executed. Blind Cross-site Scripting is hard to confirm in the real-world scenario but one of the best tools for this is [XSS Hunter](https://xsshunter.com/).

> Note: Testers should carefully consider the privacy implications of using public or third party services while performing security tests. (See #tools.)
```

Reviewer: Please add a link to: https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/xsshunter in the tools section.

```md
[XSS Hunter Portable](https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/xsshunter)
```

- [Burp Proxy](https://portswigger.net/burp/) is an interactive HTTP/S proxy server for attacking and testing web applications.
- [XSS Assistant](https://www.greasespot.net/) Greasemonkey script that allow users to easily test any web application for cross-site-scripting flaws.
- [OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP)](https://www.zaproxy.org) is an interactive HTTP/S proxy server for attacking and testing web applications with a built-in scanner.

> - [XSS Hunter Portable](https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/xsshunter) XSS Hunter find all kinds of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities, including the often-missed blind XSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [XSS Hunter Portable](https://github.com/mandatoryprogrammer/xsshunter) XSS Hunter finds all kinds of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities, including the often-missed blind XSS.
```
